Mr. Chairman, the person who the way of knowing, Mr. Stephen is any of them.
I understand the rule is that any of the assaults of Pentagon, they notify the Secretary.
That's right, Secretary.
When anyone is involved with Pentagon, is there not any rule that you or your council be notified?
I don't doubt any, but you don't know anything true.
Well, let's get back to this.
As I said, you talk with Mr. Adams first, and then look at the answer.
As a matter of fact, I went back to the office, and then I went home, and I don't think that I saw anybody,
except some of my own staff on an afternoon news.
Now, when did your first discovery of the Secretary of the last time there was completely an error?
Well, everything, if you remember, your staff, you actually saw from 21 of the half-man on the Pentagon,
including him, I considered that 17 out of the 21, the members of my staff.
And how about the other four?
The other four, I went from the Department of Defense.
And if, and you were to, when you were just trying to remember your testimony, you said that you did not remember the 21-man meeting.
I said that I, as I recall it, that I have met with the members of my staff, and that's what I did.
Now, I spell it out for you in detail as to just what that's meant and who was there.
I'm just chairman, I think Secretary has been fully questioned with respect to that, and has given anxious willy.
And it is my suggestion that council now proceed to other points of inquiry.
What did you do to council, Mr. Henson, on the 21-man last night?
I reported to chairman, the candidate expired.
I have no further questions, but thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Chair, I have Mr. Henson in the comments.
I send this to my right.
And I send this to my left.
I'll file a question.
Mr. Wilk, how far is it?
I don't know, Mr. Henson, does this mean that we know in the different stores, what's with you last night?
The first thing you discussed with Mr. Henson on the other 20-21, is...
Yes.
How much is this council?
The council's a committee of the council, the committee of the council, the committee of the council,
and they're asking for the next order, the judges, the president, who won when I saw it.
The one who's the council, the committee of that rule, he's council's chair.
How about your chairman, his name?
I'm chairman, secretary, willing to rule, that there should be no more questions about who will then,
how many will there be the difference between the six and the other members of the council?
What was that?
Well, I replied to my name, lunch and beer, and...
...and senator Henson and senator Henson, and senator Henson, and senator Henson, play.
Did you, that's...
...the rest, right now, and will the act, Mr. Henson's public vacation?
In the case of that was the night.
To be first heard any two plans against Mr. Cohn, against any of my staff.
Could you tell us who gave you men for me, was the discuss there that night?
If you're still referring to the meeting of members of my staff,
or four people from the Department of Defense, it was not discussed, not within the afternoon at four parties.
And now, when Mr. Henson told us not to get further at 24, 1954,
did I have any information with the party?
I mean, I've been having different colleagues with me, and I'm a party, Roy Cohn, etc.
You said that he did not get that information, or you were a presence.
That's correct.
When would you tell us, Mr. Secretary, at some point, someone decided to issue a report,
charging Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn, myself, and then proper conduct?
When did that originate?
When did that originate? Who originates?
It's down, I don't understand that.
You're saying you have a red red?
Did you understand, Mr. Secretary? I like how it red.
Roy, go read the questions, please.
What, were you telling Mr. Secretary, at some point, someone decided to issue a report,
charging Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn, myself, and then proper conduct?
When did that originate? And who originates it?
Well, I testified, uh, a length, uh, on the McCarthy, that there had been many inquiries from the Congress in regard to this whole situation.
And it has finally headed out on the receipt of Senator Potter's letter.
And an answer was then made to Senator Potter and to all members of this committee,
and other members of the Congress who had inquired about it.
When, when did the, when was the report prepared?
So, what's the fair answer, Senator Potter, of the...
I think that the report, the so-called analogy, was prepared by Mr. Brown and Mr. Henry Hoffman,
along the, I say, starting about the, what's the significance mark somewhere in there that together?
The middle, that is the four report, Senator Potter, of the letter.
That was before Senator Potter's letter.
So, Mr. Cohn was not prepared as a result of Senator Potter's letter.
It was prepared as the result of mounting inquiries from the Congress in regard to the matter of Senator Perry Cohn,
who decided to prepare.
Who decided to prepare?
I don't know who decided to prepare, but I know that, uh, Mr. Hempel,
I got in touch with me and asked me to see Mr. Brown and discuss these matters with him,
and I did that, and I assume that, uh, Mr. Hempel was probably acting under orders of the Secretary of Defense.
I don't know.
Now, this, uh, this, uh, these charges were put out, uh, and titled,
Army Judge, and the Department of Justice, uh, you were the Secretary,
you were the Secretary when they put out, obviously, the, uh,
did, did you order them to put out?
No, sir, I didn't order them to put out.
Well, I couldn't bring Mr. Secretary, sign that.
Cohn was responsible for the making public,
trying to give Mr. Cohn, Mr. Time, myself.
You must know that.
Senator, I've tried to cover it to the best of my ability.
Maybe it has been clear, I told you how the thing Evelivis,
from the inquiries that we received from members of the Senate from the House,
and it's Evelivis, a law on, and it finally came to its climax
out of its somewhere around about the time that Mr. Cohn,
probably saying the early part of March from somewhere around the fifth and fourth of fifth,
is that period I would say was when this chronology was seen compiled?
Would you say that Mr. Hensel was telling the truth when he said that he first learned about this,
the report that it would be Evelivis, chairman, it's not a proper question.
And I think that's the truth, Mr. Cohn, that's the truth,
is a rat-cavinging, Mr. Hensel's bad.
The fact that Evelivis, that point of our opinion, that's presently clear,
was that he was always doing what finished my question,
and might be about it, yes, he was already in charge of the technical change
when he met Mr. Hensel's head.
And he was just an enlightenment, Mr. Chairman's in paradise,
to be sure to rule this out, and I will give this to him,
I'll read you for a feeling that this proper question,
the first that I can speak to this person,
that's in the dirty, such very best.
Mr. Hensel, when you say work with us,
and preparing this, as filed specifications,
saying that the first time, this matter of the so-called Evelivis report,
came with attention with the night of the 21-man meeting.
After U.S., the meeting with Senator Monk McClellum,
I mean, I'm sorry, but the election and the party.
Is it correct that that is the first time that this matter was brought to Mr. Hensel's attention,
as far as you know?
I submit Mr. Chairman that perfectly drops it.
Every time we say it, now how does your first question,
is the one thing you should ask?
I'll read it from the chapter.
Well, there was no mention of any such thing as the meeting.
As I touched the rise, after the meeting was over,
and I was wound up my duties, I went on home,
and I did not seem as careful again for I to take care of it.
Partively, ten days apartively too late.
Would you try and answer the question, Mr. Secretary?
Well, the report are reading to the secretary.
You mean that I take from Mr. Hensel at night the answer is no?
No, I just want you to answer the question, Mr. Secretary.
Will there be a way to read it from you?
That's right, that's right.
I think so.
Is it correct that that is the first time that this matter was brought to Mr. Hensel's attention,
as far as you know?
I'm not sure I got the right of even that.
I don't think there's water right there in the answer.
But here we stay at the end of the question,
and it's the very time in the end, and it's now at the end of the question.
But it's not that we're staying at the end of the question.
Okay, other left.
Mr. Secretary, we're referring now to the day of February 24.
That's right.
You were told that the day you had the meeting with the Secretary,
and we had a five-dose.
You were told that in the day that you met the 21 people from the Pentagon after you left the meeting.
That's right.
Now, the question is, is it correct that the insular fire,
you know either from your own personal knowledge or from your strength?
Is it correct that that was the first day that there was ever brought to Mr. Hensel's attention?
The question, however the possibility of the issue and all they report,
judging Mr. Kahn that the Department of the Cohn, Mr. Kahn, myself.
Well, I hadn't heard anything about it, Senator, and I don't know when Mr. Hensel found out about it.
When did you first have any knowledge, or any discussion about this,
the charges against Mr. Cohn and Mr. Kahn?
Well, in the form of the so-called chronology, I would say that was about support to such a march,
but Mr. Brown came properly.
Mr. Secretary, you have stated a number of times that this originates,
and it is not using your strength.
Words with some of your strength at the time, if the fire wrote you a lot.
It is not a fact that the report or the A-report
was in the hands of second newsmen before Mr. Potter wrote you the letter.
Mr. Kahn, part of that.
The record is quite a big show that Senator Potter did not write a letter to Secretary Stevens,
but wrote a letter to the Secretary of the Spat.
Therefore, some of his questions, his base upon the assumption that Spat's contrary of those evidence,
have been solved.
But Secretary, if the statement of letter was written to Secretary Stevens,
and you understand what letter I'm referring to,
we've made a statement in specify a date of something that will make a statement.
Mr. Secretary, you understand what letter I'm referring to, don't you?
Is that time to Potter's letter?
Yes.
So that there's no deception caused for that question, would they?
You understand what letter we're referring to?
There's only one letter to Potter, what's the thing?
As far as I know, my question is this.
The floor of Mr. Potter's front-right letter, is it...
Uh, question.
Yes.
Is it not to rat the social report for quite some of it?
We're already in the hands of certain newsmen.
Well, I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, to McCarthy.
I didn't have to report myself, and I have no way of knowing how to answer your question.
I certainly have no contact with any newspaper about it at any time.
Did you have any knowledge?
Any reason to believe that the report or price of it,
were handed to certain newsmen and the former Secretary of Potter wrote his letter?
I didn't know anything about that, kind of McCarthy.
I said, rumor about it, and mentioned here during the course of the hearings,
but as far as I'm concerned, it's been rumored with me,
and I've had no other no contact with any newspaper myself on.
Now, I think it's a good mistake, I think we can shorten this point of the inquiry.
Just simple question.
Did you have any of the...
It is a new question.
Did you have any reasons to believe that certain parts of this report called events
have been released in any newsman or any newsman prior to Senator Potter's letter of inquiry
to the Department of Defense? Did you have any reason to believe that it is?
How did it have been released in newsmen?
Well, I heard rumors about it that Mr. Gankin said,
I think that there were some indication of it somewhere in the press at some time.
Thank you, Rick. You knew that...
First of the report appeared in the press long before Mr. Potter wrote a letter,
and that is one of the reasons why he wrote that letter.
Absolutely nothing to do with writing the letter.
You said you heard rumors last week's report had been released.
Prior to the request of the senator,
have you tried to run down those rumors?
Have you discussed them with Mr. Adams?
Find out if all they were true or not?
Eyes crossed on Mr. Adams and others are about to hold situations.
Of course, but it's about these rumors.
Let's take a vote for now.
Did you talk to Mr. Adams about the rumors you heard
to the effects of the report?
Guaraging my staff of Mr. Tundra went to the press
or a section of the Winsor-Ferrick and Elements of the Press
before it came to Mr. Potter any other time.
I think that by my sight, though, that Mr. Adams was the one that ought to testify on that time,
I honestly don't know what he did.
I thought it was the best question Mr. Tundra's whether he was useful
or has taken any steps to run down rumors,
and he didn't do anything to say no,
and had dropped it.
Well, I thought, yes, I thought that, Mr. Adams.
That was, yes.
Right within, and what's Mr. Adams said to you?
As I said, any part of any report that has been given out,
I got a question that Mr. Tundra may have talked with somebody in the press.
I don't know who.
Did you tell you who he talked to?
I don't recall.
In other words, he told you he talked to somebody in the press about this report.
My recollection is that he said that he had talked to somebody in the press,
but he said that there was no.
Nothing is given out.
And that's about all I know about it.
I think Mr. Adams can give you all the answers.
Did he tell you that at least one member of the press
had helped him to spare the traitors?
He did not.
Has he ever told you that?
No, sir.
And he told you that he had not given out any part of the report,
so he had talked to certain members of the press about the report.
The report, about a little bit.
Same for me, he told me that he talked to one member of the press.
Well, he talked any more and not, I don't know.
And send his time as expired.
No further questions for the chairman.
Chair, if you're doing a few, the heel pass.
Send him a call.
Send his name, right?
Mr. Secretary, I don't know why the UN have a position to answer this question or not.
But you have knowledge that the release of this report was to be made to certain members
of the Congress, both in the House and the Senate,
and I believe both of them were not on this committee.
You have knowledge that this report is irrespective of my letter.
For us to be sent to those members of the Congress, yes, sir, I'm Senator.
You have that now, Dr..
And you have, and I just may be reputators of the inquiry that just ensued you.
You also have the...
You were a committee with a fact that, as I said before, it's open to six-rate assumptions
that it was for us to be in written or as in written for several weeks prior to my letter.
I think you've just about the fact that you have knowledge of that to a certain degree.
I don't know what to read.
Well, I'm a part of I was in the far east for several weeks,
that immediately pre-treating February 13th.
But when you were fired on my letter, you had heard that certain newspaper articles
that the written concerning this so probable point.
In a general way, after I heard rumors about it, I think I probably think something in the press
was referring to some reason.
Point.
Uh, that's all.
The tender's in my letter.
Any further?
Yes, sir.
No questions.
The tender's a crack you have at the point.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
The ball is a draw.
Yes, we'll make a break.
Trapped all.
Medweg was고요 before I read the news,
And then in one sentence, I'm writing into that introductory written defendment.
I'm worried about theckweet, I need some information...
The new march until the mission network is bringing you through the facility,
and it stops the military hearing.
We pause now for a station identification.
This is the new march television network.
This is WADD, Channel 5, New York.
Fight.
Go inside.
Man the same hasn't drawn to this.
I beg last to turn the fire on my same minister to introduce them.
Otherwise, I'll take Ignition.
Unlike a Master Act on this, and every drill is out for a certain number of percent of his work.
In fact, it is.
Hunterасть?
I'd be glad to see you…
Mar少ge ahead.
остав with pleasure to finish the act.
Thanks cumMA.
He had 9B on the wall after you had time lost.
In 2000, US
I representationed use left out in steakuity.
I was revealed by Freedom and hummachine player,
şeyben.
interject.
The only place for this report is thatSP Entely Toronto.
In 2016 I took that DH level 1 in the reception needed to handle the special assigned
more moves for him.
That night.
That's why I remember he mentioned that he had talked to one of the more and I don't know.
Who was that one?
I don't know that.
So you turned it on there.
You said you had these men along with you that I had to use memory.
Doesn't serve you right.
This is the practice of testifying when every call test has been required.
Could you reflect your recollection now and find out who that is?
I don't know who it is.
And I don't think why I testifying on what's going on.
He is in a position to testifying on and on and on.
Not in a position.
I asked you what the special he had with you.
He said that he told you that he has given this information to one newsman.
So you can't remember that newsman's name.
No.
I'm really asked to determine the Mr. Adams and the special recollection so that you will know that
the newsman was, you can tell him.
I think that it would be better to put him in a position where he's in a position that
testsifying on another of his own knowledge.
So what's the point of all here, so I would mean that it is this year's year.
If this is the case, I think perhaps Senator McCruth is in fact the ass you have found
from fur with the statum and to tell him the name of the newsman.
Then, the statum talks with reference to these.
His answer is a part of those who dance.
I think that's all about it.
Mr. Secretary of the night, rather than we were, we had the meetings,
you and Senator Martin, the other 300.
We have got these different abilities being called, the destruction of the order they work
at the committee by the constant release of our owniest stories,
but other stories from the Pentagon and then the party is now tired.
The meetings are very tough.
The meeting, the K-820, the K-820.
And at that time did you not agree that you were, during your trip to stop these unofficial
leaks, reflecting upon the committee and that any release of would be a special release
that you yourself approved?
Well, neither I don't recall after taking a conversation with a civilian line with my policy
because I do everything I can to prevent the attack.
Well, now you return to the Pentagon that night and after this meeting or what was going on,
there was release to the press, the statements that you would have made,
had you not made the agreement with us.
Can you tell us who released that statement?
What's the statement about?
Don't you recall?
Night of the 24th, Mr. Chairman.
Something has been mentioned.
I regret that I have to interpose so many objections, but the question,
please suppose, is the fact that a release is made on the night of the 24th,
has to get to the senator first, has to detect whether or not such a release was made.
As I recall, there is no proof whatever that such a release was made.
I think the point is well made, I assume that the secretary knew all about that,
and we have to cut down the time.
Mr. Secretary, the night of the 24th was very release to the press, the statement,
which you had planned on making.
Has you not made the agreement with Senator Monk, myself, Berkson Posh?
The fact is that I have worked at a fairly yesterday, no, would you?
Well, I think the witnesses in title did express the fact.
I hope that they will include a yes or no, going to question him that he might want to give some explanation.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, I think the witness should be possible.
First, tell us yesterday, no, then go ahead and explain the yes or no answer.
Is it possible for the secretary to present his remarks with the yes or no answer?
In the distance, I answered that yes.
I think it's very difficult to do, who cares, to share it with the side of the product.
There's no one in the shift if you can't do it.
What I want to know, whether you wish it was, whether you didn't wish it was,
and you can say yes or no more.
And I'll say yes, but, yes.
The fact of these, when the General's swaker case came up,
it involved the abuse by the son of the McCarthy of an army general,
and the violent exception for it.
And I ordered General Flicker not to appear at a hearing of this committee,
which was going to take place at Ten of Box, the following Tuesday morning,
as they answered Washington First.
Senator Cuff, the McCarthy informed me that I would appear, which was okay with me.
In the meanwhile, I went to work to prepare a statement that I would use when I came before this committee,
getting all the facts in the flicker case,
and stating why I had instructed a nut to appear at that one hearing,
because I felt that he had been abused on the 18th of February.
Now, that statement was just about complete at the time that we had the lunch.
The Senator Month has referred to.
And when I went home that night, some of my friends came in.
We had the statement there. We looked it over.
I remember that Arthur Hadley was there, a newsweek,
and there was a video of California, and I think that Mr. Hadley,
that the violence himself, I think that he called somebody,
and I don't even know who it was, and read him about street paragraph,
how did that statement, which was the statement as I recall it,
of some 1012 pages that I prepared to use the security.
And there may have been other telephone calls, may have been by Mr. Hadley,
or maybe other friends that were in there that season, that evening.
As far as I'm concerned, I didn't give out any statement myself,
but those are the facts dealing with that situation,
and I hope that you understand, particularly,
you're putting a yes or no answer on it,
but I did put the yes and then ask for the rightful complaint.
We have a complaint to the fact that the portion of the statement is not right.
I think about street paragraph, very well, and I'm going to ask.
Were there any newsmen or columnists at the meeting of the 21?
I think it's fine, but I think it's the meeting of the 21 on the 24th of February.
Were there any newsmen or questions?
No, sure.
You're sure of that?
Yes.
Do you have a diary or anything in your office that you can tell to his presence?
I read just a list of names, it was first.
I've already put that in a testimony.
First is, do you have a diary or anything in your office showing who was present?
Yes, I've gotten the information from the records in the office.
That's how I can tell you exactly who the 21 people were.
So you've got no trouble at all being sure that you're accurate about that?
That's right.
I'm going to ask you to do this, Mr. Stephen.
If you will, he's the last newsman.
You know you can sometimes have someone check that diary again.
And if you want to advise a testimony any further, I think you should be entitled to do that before it goes to the Justice Department.
I go, but let's check it again.
Yes.
Now, Mr. Assume, I have not ran and going into the matter of liquor.
However, the secretary has stated a number of times that what his liquor was abused
at the statement that I can not very well look now for some challenge.
Apparently he claims that liquor is innocent as well.
The chair would suggest that he has something to pay in response to that, that when he redoes the stand,
and makes his preliminary statement, he's very cute, or under interrogation of his own counsel,
which will be available to him, if he says to answer that, because we take this by the secretary, that would be quite...
Mr. Chairman, the secretary has made.
A statement here, I think I should have the right to trust the family.
I'm not the reason I am one of the informed the chair of this, is because I normally would not feel this is a proper proceeding.
We have a testimony of Mr. liquor here.
Mr. liquor's case played a fairly important part in the...
As a general, and the course of the events which culminated in the tragedy of being made against Mr. Cohen,
I would like to ask him a few questions, if he was brief as we can.
Did you get an after-day of Mr. liquor?
Mr. Chairman, may I say something?
I regret very much that all parties who are testifying, all parties who are questioning are sometimes the time,
making gratuitous statements, which constitute charges of fraud, of unfearned and of abuse,
and which are in no wise responsive to the questions asked.
I observed in the secretary's answer to Senator McCarthy's question, and I appreciate the fact that the secretary undoubtedly is exhausted physically and mentally,
that he made a statement which was in no wise responsive to the question asked,
Senator McCarthy had abused General liquor.
How that is a charge? Perhaps the charge other charges have been made here, which are more serious.
And I force all trouble at the time that statement was made.
And it feels the fact that Senator McCarthy has been accused of abusing General liquor.
It may be that the senator is entitled to certainly to some extent go into the fact that...
How that question resolves the whether or not he did abuse General liquor.
May I make this suggestion?
That's a secretary, omittedly, so retracts that statement about abuse.
Perhaps that will avoid just going into the question of whether or not such a thing did occur.
I appreciate the fact that he's already gone out over the radio and television and all that sort of thing.
But that is just what is occurring here and that is in my mind the principal thing that's unlicious there if prolonging these areas.
Am I right or am I not, Chairman?
I think the council is tremendously right. I was a little bit worried when I heard that word of abuse.
I know that involved a nutther and a totally different controversy.
I've been running on between certain elements in the army, certain elements in our domain,
but the shared values both began to keep these areas to the particular issues and controversy.
Recognize the mayor of the council's death.
The charge is made, the senator abused, the general's liquor.
The nutther is offended and the president wanted to interrogate him above the charge.
I don't know if the secretary is.
I'm sure that the union intended this charge at this time.
We have stated that many other places and many other times.
The president knows your position under general's influence.
I think he knows the president of my car.
I wonder if it would be effective for the purposes of this record if we would just agree among our things.
Thank you.